Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/debugging-coredump.md

> This documentation is now located at [debug-linux-dumps](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/debug-linux-dumps.md) This doc is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: Rather than pointing at GitHub, I would point at learn.microsoft.com:
```suggestion
This documentation is now located at [debug-linux-dumps](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/debug-linux-dumps) This doc is no longer being updated.
```
